Mom...
I'm going to start over,
and this time, I won't run away.
[gasping]
[Almeida] Where is Ikuya Ogura?
Tell him, Myers.
Must be tough... being a lapdog.
Nagai! What are you doing?
I'm getting ready to move the hideout.
[Izumi]
We only have one chance to stop Sato,
and that's a counterattack
when he moves on the minister.
However,
the only one who knows when is Mr. Tosaki.
Change of plans. We're going
to go rescue Tosaki. Now.
Intruders!
[Nagai] I know you're worried
about Mr. Tosaki,
but please do try to stay composed.
I know.
Mr. Tosaki! You're not getting away!
I'm going to make sure
you're reprimanded for that.
This is looking bad, Mr. Hirasawa.
They're heading for the U.S. Embassy.
[Hirasawa]
Embassies have extraterritorial rights.
The police, the military,
nobody has any authority there.
[Nagai] It means if they make it inside,
this is all over.
GPS NORMAL
Well then, shall we put on a show?
[chorus singing] Close combat
I'm slashing
You who are standing in front of me
Who are you?
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
Running away but not forever
Chewing and swallowing reality
Shout it out
And refuse ambiguity
Though you know the danger of the dark
A type of system that is too cold
On or off
Which one is it now?
Ending up killing emotions
Over and over
No, I was just slipping through
Being destroyed, that's all
Leave me alone
Craze
I am I
Even if I am cornered
Yeah, yeah
Started with nothing but risk
From the beginning
Give it all you got
Craze
Reveal your true self, your instincts
Time to strike back
Yeah
So I slashed
Who are you?
KURO, JUST ONCE MORE, PLEASE!
It'll take at least 10 minutes to get to
the embassy. We won't catch them.
That's if you take the usual route!
[groaning]
Go!
No matter how I look at it, picking
a fight with the U.S. is irrational.
Where's their car?!
I don't see it.
STOP
All right, they took the street
I thought they would!
Hold on.
Ms. Shimomura, can you hear me?
Yes, I hear you! Where are they?!
[Nagai] On a side street by the park
up ahead of you!
Turn around!
Oh, no!
[groans]
[both grunting]
Wha-- What are y--
I'm resetting you. Damn it.
I've come this far...
We'll carry him the rest of the way!
Hurry up.
Where's Mr. Tosaki?
They got away!
But they're still nearby!
-Nakano!
-On it!
There's heavy security near the embassy!
Mr. Hirasawa,
you clean up after the accident!
This way. Hurry up.
Let go...
Shut up!
Where did--?
I don't have many bullets, and only
one tranq left. I can't afford to miss...
Don't let your guard down!
They've got an Ajin!
I know that!
[Nagai] Mr. Tosaki! Where are you?!
[man] Don't shout! Security will get us!
I said, I know!
Let's go.
Once we get through the back here,
we're almost to the embassy--
Do whatever you have to
in order to stop her.
Yes, sir.
[Myers] That is futile!
[grunting]
I crushed your knee.
You can't run, and you won't die.
I hate women like you.
You're basically just being kept
as a pet, you know.
How stupid are you?
You can't even summon
your IBM anymore.
If you'd just run away like a good girl,
you wouldn't have had
to go through all this unnecessary pain.
-[shouts]
-You thought I wouldn't notice?
Just how pathetic are you?
[laughing]
[Izumi screaming]
I-- I decided...
That I'm done... with running away!
Wha--? The density, it's...!
[Izumi] Kuro, just once more, please!
[screaming]
This is a personal agreement
between you and I.
Follow my orders.
This is...
Her memories...?!
[gun clicks]
What a useless woman.
If you're gonna shoot, then shoot.
I have no use for an Ajin
that can't do her job.
It seems that lab rats
are best kept in cages.
[Myers whimpering]
Wha--? What are you...?
You need to shut up right now.
Don't misunderstand.
I was only doing my job.
Mr. Tosaki! Mr. Toza...?
Nagai! Over here, over here!
I don't have any way of stopping you now.
But I've done my job.
I really do hate women like you.
[gunshot]
Don't misunderstand.
I'm just starting a new life.
[man] Ms. Izumi! Are you okay?!
[Izumi] Mr. Tosaki! Mr. Tosaki!
[gasps]
Wh...? Where am I...?
We're on the way back to our hideout.
Mr. Hirasawa and the others
are taking care of the aftermath.
You should thank Ms. Izumi. Who knows
what would have happened without her?
What...?
The Minister! What about
the Minister's schedule?
I thought you were
the only one who knew that.
What...?
[sighs]
So that's how it is.
-What do you mean?
-When is it?
It's not today, is it?
What were you thinking?!
Why didn't you tell Nagai?!
All our planning, for nothing!
I-- I'm sorry.
Everything we did
was to prepare for this day!
But-- But you...!
What's done is done, getting angry
about it is just a waste of time.
-What we need to focus on now is--
-My phone!
Where's my cell phone?!
I held on to it for you.
Please let there be an answer...
This is Sokabe.
How? How did the schedule get leaked?
This way!
Why is this happening?
You took all that easy money.
You've got no right to complain now.
Where is he?
Not here either.
Sir! Let's hurry!
[grunts]
Get behind me! [gunshot]
Hey, playing dead is pretty fun.
Move, and you'll lose your head.
Well done...
I never thought you'd make it this far.
I'm honored.
Praise from the Minister himself!
Your demands are the official release
of our experiment results
and the recognition of Ajin rights,
right?
So?
I'll help you.
I'm not all-powerful,
but I am a government minister.
I'll counsel the Prime Minister!
So, you'll recognize our demands?
Yes! I can expose everything they've done.
And eventually we may even come
to see Ajin gain their own territory.
Mr. Sato...!
You're a better politician than I thought.
I'm just glad you understa--
[sobbing]
Thanks. That was quite the speech.
Mr. Sato...
-Why?
-Why what?
[Tanaka] I mean,
he was going to help us...
[Sato] You're too gullible, Tanaka.
You do know a politician's job is to lie?
[Tanaka] But...
Please...
[cell phone ringing]
This is Sokabe.
Why's everyone acting so depressed?
With Mr. Tosaki back, we'll have
another chance to stop Sato.
No.
The Minister was the only chance we had,
and he's dead.
We're out of moves.
But...!
If you've got complaints,
take them up with her.
[Hirasawa grunts] It's done.
What's done...?
Cleaning up the aftermath.
We couldn't just leave it like that.
Sorry. That was more
than you're paid for.
I don't mind that, but we're not sure
where the Ajin woman went.
She won't cause us any trouble.
I'm sure no one will find her now.
Are you just covering for her
because she's an Ajin?
That's not it...
Just try that again sometime.
I'll send you straight to the lab.
Mr. Tosaki! That's going too--
More importantly, where's Nagai?
I don't see him here.
He's still dealing with loose ends.
He's sending fake e-mails
to the Department of Defense
from a laptop we got from their car.
Apparently he's going to report
that the incident with Dr. Ogura
as well as the attack on the safe house,
was all Sato's doing.
You're telling them
that Sato kidnapped me?
If we do, then the Americans
might go after Sato as well.
They might stop him for us.
And then you'll let those two
go "missing" after that final mail, eh?
You certainly are a crafty little devil.
I'll take that as a compliment.
You don't need that "has" there.
What?
But...
It's grammatically correct, but they don't
really use it like that over there.
You'd get full points on a test though.
I'm sure.
But if no one will let you take the test,
there's no point.
What are you planning to do after this?
There's still got to be a way.
There was just an unexpected distraction.
It's not as though the plan
actually fail--
Message from Sato -
A new video has been uploaded
We move out of here in the morning.
We're ready to go anyway.
Move? Where?
How should I know?
Figure it out for yourself.
Are you serious?!
Now that the minister's dead,
I'll be removed from the Commission.
You're not the only one
with nowhere to go.
-[Nagai] It looks like there's still hope.
-[all] Huh?
Sato's uploaded another announcement.
Did you see that?
That corpse was once the Minister
of Health, Labor, and Welfare.
It probably hasn't made the news yet.
There's one final target.
President Hashiguchi
of Musashi Heavy Industries.
Three days from now when the board
of directors meeting is held, at 7 p.m.,
I'm going to kill you.
He's giving us the date and time?!
Our Mr. Sato really does
just seem to love to fight.
[Sato] This is a declaration of war.
If the President doesn't show up,
I'll take that as his admission that he's
conducting inhumane experiments on Ajin.
And no matter where he's hiding,
I will kill him.
He's gotta be kidding...
This'll only make security way tougher.
You didn't say anything, Okuyama?!
It's not my job to come up with the plans.
So I don't butt in.
Hey, Mr. Tanaka! What about y--
Is there a problem?
No.
Mr. Sato, why did you
put us at a disadvantage?
[Sato] Disadvantage?
No, if anything, it's an advantage.
What?
Don't you think this is just
the type of situation
where we can put our secret weapon to use?
We're here at the press conference.
This is a joint conference with the
government and Musashi Heavy Industries,
the target of Sato's threat.
No matter what happens to me,
we will not give in to terrorists.
And no matter how I am threatened,
I will not run or hide.
[crowd] So you're really holding a meeting
of the board of directors?
-What will you do if something happens?
-Is this safe?
Naturally, I intend to have
the best possible security,
and have already made a request
to the government.
That is all.
[crowd] Hold on a second!
Next we will hear an explanation
from the Chief Cabinet Secretary.
I am Chief Cabinet Secretary Mitsui.
In response to these repeated acts
of terrorism,
at this meeting
the government has made plans
to take special measures
against certain Ajin.
And along with these measures, the various
ministries have come together
to form a new defense unit.
It shall be called
the "Anti-Ajin Special Forces."
ANTI-AJIN SPECIAL FORCES
What, the Anti-Ajin...?!
Anti-Ajin? What are they?
They're an elite force
specializing in fighting Ajin.
The members were hand-picked
from the Defense Force
First Airborne Brigade and the SAT.
You sure seem to know a lot
about this newly formed unit...
Oh, I get it.
Huh? What?
What do you get?
A special unit like that couldn't
have been put together in under two days.
So it must have already existed,
but couldn't act officially. Am I right?
Yes.
Until now,
they shouldn't legally have existed.
But claiming they were created
as part of these new measures
makes their existence legal, huh?
Not bad.
This country is the best in the world
at managing appearances.
So? Are these Anti-Ajin guys
tough or something?
They're equipped with all the latest
and most inhumane weaponry
made by Musashi Industries.
And they'll be used by the strongest unit
Japan is currently capable of mustering.
There may be no need for us after all.
That would certainly be nice.
As long as someone can stop Sato,
that's the most important thing.
Do you really believe that?
Of course not.
I have no intention of just sitting here
sucking my thumb.
What do you think I joined forces
with you for in the first place?
Yeah, that's right.
This is our last chance.
No matter what, we'll stop Sato.
TO BE CONTINUED
[chorus singing]
I'm tired of this one already, so
I'll trade it
For your ordinary one
A shiny holy card
For a grainy paper card
You can see them all
When you come to my house
So
Two of us in the corner of the schoolyard
While the wind blows
I might be able to say it now
Words I've never said to anyone
"Won't you come and play, I'll be nice"
"I'll give you anything, see"
"Be my friend
Always"
Created by:
Matt Duncan